Previously on "The Rookie"...
Bailey.
Jason.
I'm John Nolan.
And you are?
Her husband.
I'm trying
to protect this city.
So you think putting
a 16‐year‐old into juvie
is gonna turn the tide
in the war on drugs?
I am in a good place.
James is great.
What did you find out?
Jason Wyler is the most charming
man on the planet.
He whispers
in all the right ears,
and whoever is his enemy ends up
on the wrong end of a shank.
What is happening?
Why am I...
He's framing me.
Hearing that she's finally
facing some consequences,
it does well
for my spirit.
I know
who you are now.
And I'm coming for you.
Bailey:
Let's talk about what's next.
Well,
it's pretty straightforward.
You can go to trial,
fight the charges,
or take a plea.
And if I fight
and lose?
Most likely,
you'll do prison time.
And if
I take a plea?
I feel confident
that we could get
a mandatory treatment program
and probation.
But I would still have
a drug charge on my record,
and at minimum, I would be
out of the Army Reserve
and I'd probably be fired
from the LAFD.
I would lose everything
that matters to me.
Except for you.
What?
It's nothing.
It's not nothing.
And I can't take another round
of gaslighting right now.
Okay, so,
the Department frowns
on officers fraternizing
with convicted felons.
They can frown all they want.
They can't fire me.
Everyone who's important
knows you're innocent.
But just dating me
would hold you back.
[ Scoffs ]
I gotta give it
to Jason ‐‐
he really
planned this perfectly.
You know, there is still
a third option.
We prove your innocence
and we take him down.
Morning.
Um...what were you doing
up all night?
Legal research.
Researching what?
Do you remember that, uh, kid I
was telling you about ‐‐ Tyler?
Oh, the one
who robbed the liquor store...
Yes.
...and then gave the store owner
a heart attack,
and the clown from the DA's
office blamed you for it?
No, I don't remember that.
[ Chuckles ]
Anyway, good news ‐‐
um, the store owner
was released from the hospital.
She's gonna be fine.
[ Coffee pours ]
Amazing.
I bet Tyler's relieved.
Yeah, but he's not
out of the woods yet.
I have been up all night
trying to research ways
that the state
can show him leniency.
I've just got to convince
that clown
to charge him as a minor.
Well, Tyler's lucky he has you
looking out for him.
Aww.
I knew I was.
Oh.
[ Chuckles ]
I mean,
not that long ago,
I was on the streets,
as desperate as he was,
and then I did
the smartest thing
I think I've ever done ‐‐
steal your car.
Okay.
Agree to disagree.
No, seriously.
Crime totally pays.
And Tyler's lucky
to have you.
You're cute!
James: This is nice.
Actually spending
the night together.
Doing couple things
in the morning before work.
Yeah, who knew we had to
share custody schedules
before we hooked up?
I actually should
get going, though.
I gotta ‐‐
I gotta do a thing.
That sounds ominous.
No, it's fine.
I just have to have a talk
with Curtis Jones.
About Tyler.
Wait. Is he still leaning
on Tyler's family for money?
Yeah, and I‐I need
to convince Curtis
to cut his losses
and let it go.
Okay, well,
I'm coming with you.
[ Chuckles ] No.
Yes, I'm ‐‐
Nyla, no.
No, you can't be there.
Look, if ‐‐
if word gets out
that a cop is hovering
on my shoulder,
they'll stop trusting me.
Well, I hate
to break it to you,
but you're dating a cop,
so that's gonna get around.
I know, which means
I have to work extra hard
to stay independent.
Look, if I lose the trust
with the community,
I'll never get it back.
I hear you,
but I don't like it.
And Curtis
is a dangerous guy,
and if anything
were to happen to you,
I'd be sad for, like,
at least a couple days.
[ Chuckles ]
Funny. Funny.
But I can handle myself.
Alright?
I'll call you after.
I wish we could open an official
investigation on this.
No, sir, I get it.
There's not even
circumstantial evidence
connecting Jason
to planting those drugs.
Thank you, again,
for authorizing my...
"vacation."
Of course.
Take as much time as you need.
So, what's your plan?
Find the money.
I mean, those drugs cost upwards
of 10 grand,
but according to my skip tracer,
Jason's broke.
He had to pay restitution
for his embezzlement conviction,
and he's been working
a minimum‐wage job
ever since his release.
So chances are, he's mixed up
in something illegal
that gives him access
to money or drugs or both.
And I'm gonna follow him till
I find out exactly what it is.
Call me as soon as you have
something actionable,
even if it's a simple
parole violation.
Once he's in custody,
he's more likely to crack.
[ Cellphone chimes ]
I gotta go.
Caught a homicide.
Let me know
if you need anything.
Thank you.
So, listen, Nolan,
there's something you need
to think about.
[ Door closes ]
If Bailey assumes fault
for the drugs ‐‐
I know.
If I can't prove
Jason planted those drugs,
I'll have to choose
between my career
and the woman I love.
No biggie.
Thanks.
ADA Sanford.
Officer Chen.
Did you hear the news?
The store owner from
Tyler's case pulled through.
I heard.
Mm‐hmm.
I'm as relieved
as you are.
Great.
So, let's continue
with the positivity.
Charge Tyler as a minor.
He committed a crime
with a gun.
It was unloaded.
Look, I'm not saying that
there shouldn't be consequences,
but he's 16.
He's not old enough
to drink, vote,
join the military,
and you want to lock him up
with a bunch of grown men?
Look,
studies show that ‐‐
No, please,
don't quote studies at me.
And definitely
don't start lecturing me
about the science
of still‐developing brains
in men under 21.
I wasn't gonna do that.
[ Scoffs ]
Look, if Tyler becomes a CI
against his crew,
I can definitely
give him a break.
Uh...wait. S‐Sorry.
Let me ‐‐
Let me just get this clear.
So, instead of risking his life
in prison,
you want to risk his life
on the streets?
Do you understand that he is
a low‐level drug runner?
He is the bottom
of the food chain.
Nobody in his crew
is gonna even trust him
with any real intel.
Everything okay?
Yes.
Mr., uh,
Rookie ADA here
was telling me
how he was gonna make his bones
by ending a kid's life.
Okay.
You're clearly feeling
a little dramatic this morning,
and I have to go
to court.
[ Chuckles ]
I will be
following up with you!
Can you believe the nerve of
that guy, calling me dramatic?
I mean ‐‐
Um, do not start.
Exactly how many cups of coffee
did you have this morning?
I'm just going to
apologize to you right now.
Um, it's gonna be
a really long day for you,
and ‐‐ and I'm sorry.
[ Sighs deeply ]
Aaron.
Mom,
what are you doing here?
Hi, baby.
Mwah.
Look at you
in this uniform.
How handsome.
Look, I said no yesterday,
and I meant it, okay?
Uh‐huh.
So please stop asking.
But you're not
thinking it through.
The hell I'm not.
Whoa.
What's the problem?
Nothing.
Just having a conversation
with my mother.
Now I know you did not
just speak to your
mother in that tone.
Ma'am, I am Nyla Harper,
Aaron's training officer,
and he is going to apologize
to you right now,
or I will write him up
for conduct
unbecoming of an officer.
[ Scoffs ]
I'm sorry.
Thank you.
And thank you, Nyla.
Of course, Mrs. Thorsen.
It's Yvonne.
Yvonne.
See you in the shop.
Oh.
I like her.
Look, Mom...
...I'm sorry
for going off, okay?
But I don't want to be a part
of this reality TV show.
Sweetie,
it's only gonna help you.
How?
By disrespecting
the memory of Patrick?
By trivializing the time
I've spent in prison
for a crime
I didn't commit?
Not if we
control the narrative.
Mom,
I love you, okay?
You've been on my side
through everything,
but the answer's no.
Now I have to go.
♪♪
[ Insects buzzing ]
I think this may be
our strangest date yet.
Really?
Stranger than fighting
a Russian spy?
We're surveilling
your ex‐con current husband
who has framed you
for a drug crime.
Estranged ex‐con
current husband.
[ Cellphone rings ]
Oh, good.
Hey, Randy.
Randy:
Skip Tracer Randy here!
Yes. I know, Randy.
I said your name.
Oh, well, maybe you know
12 Randys. I don't know.
Would you like to know
what I found,
or do you want to keep
making me feel bad
about how I put myself out
in the world?
No. No.
Randy, you're right.
I'm sorry.
What did you get?
Jason listed an SRO downtown
as his current address,
but the man
at the front desk says
he's only seen him
once or twice.
So, he could be staying
somewhere else.
That could be a violation
of his parole.
Mm‐hmm.
That is correct.
I'll call back
if I find anything else.
Thank you, Randy.
Well, that makes sense.
Jason is a total snob.
[ Sighs ]
Is this really
the best we can do?
Just spy on him
until he hopefully
does something overtly criminal?
Welcome to police work.
We're never gonna catch him
by being reactive.
He's too smart.
We have to get in his head.
If that's really
what you want to do,
I know who to talk to,
but it would
officially cement this
as 1,000%
the strangest date yet.
Well,
when you put it that way...
[ Door buzzes ]
[ Chuckles ]
At this point, you should
probably deputize me.
Hello.
Who did you bring for me,
John?
Oscar, this is
Lieutenant Nune.
Bailey.
I'm Jason Wyler's...
wife.
Well, I'd salute you,
but I can't get my arm
over my shoulder.
I'm told
you're an expert
in narcissist psychopaths.
Guilty as charged.
Literally.
We need your help
to get inside his head,
figure out
what he's gonna do next.
And I would love
to do that.
I just need to figure out
what I get out of it.
Oscar.
I wrote a letter to get you
transferred out of here.
And that's
what I got yesterday.
Let's discuss
what I get today.
Today, I go
to the Warden's office
and rip up
yesterday's letter.
You're bluffing.
Let's go.
Okay, fine.
I'll help you.
Um, alright,
where do we stand?
Jason and I
were married for a year
before he went
to prison.
During that time,
he was psychologically abusive,
he tore me down
constantly
and terrorized me
when I asked for a divorce.
Two weeks ago,
he got out of jail
and set out
to ruin my life.
He planted drugs in her car
and got her arrested.
Okay.
So,
he's highly intelligent,
he's very good
at getting inside people's heads
and pitting people
against one another.
He's also deeply insecure.
That's why he's constantly
pounding you down,
making you small.
It's the only way
he can make himself big.
How do we use that
against him?
Well, best way
to throw him off of his game
is...demean him.
Make him feel stupid.
Belittle him.
Of course, he's gonna retaliate,
like, ten‐fold.
How did he get his hands on
those drugs in the first place?
Probably a contact
in prison.
Whoever it was he was paying
for protection on the inside.
But he wouldn't have gotten
the drugs for free.
Well, it's not hard
to get money,
I mean, if you're willing
to con someone.
In fact,
there's an entire network
of nightingales
out there
that are just waiting
to help rehabilitate
some poor,
misunderstood man.
Speaking
from experience?
I get a little money
in my commissary account.
They get
a romantic fantasy.
I mean...
everybody wins.
Now, your boy, though,
he's playing the long game.
He's probably targeted
a dozen or so women
just to find
the right one.
The warden will have copies
of all of Jason's mail.
We can start there.
Yeah.
[ Siren wails,
police chatter ]
Alright.
Thank you.
Thanks.
You called us?
Yeah,
a jogger found a female DB
under the overpass.
Blunt force trauma to the head.
Dump job.
Looks like she's been here
about 24 hours.
Found an ID on her.
Rebecca Price, 18 years old.
Sounds like
you got it handled.
What do you need
a sergeant for?
I don't.
I need Lucy.
Do you know her?
No. Uh, why?
Your roommate does.
[ Music playing in distance ]
Alright, how do you want
to handle this?
I don't know.
I've ‐‐ I've never delivered
a death notification
to someone I care about.
♪♪
I know what to do
as a cop,
and I know how to do it
as a roommate,
but, you know,
those are different approaches.
Just be a friend.
And if you need a cop,
tag me in.
Thank you.
Mm‐hmm.
[ Knock on door ]
Come in.
[ Music stops ]
Forget something?
No.
[ Door closes ]
They found a body
this morning.
It was your friend.
Becca.
What?
No.
I'm sorry.
No, no, no.
No, i‐it can't be her.
[ Chuckles ]
It wasn't Becca.
I'll call her.
I'm sorry.
It definitely was her.
There was a photo
of the two of you on her phone.
♪♪
Oh, look.
Here's one of mine.
A desperate plea
to respond to my lawyer.
Fun memento.
Here's one from Jason
to an Evelyn Reed.
"When we met, I was so broken.
You healed me."
Oh, he's still using
the same material he used on me.
I can't believe
I was this stupid.
No, you weren't stupid.
You were just...trusting.
Here's one from Evelyn
back to Jason.
"Dear Jason, I must have
read your last letter
a thousand times.
Though steel bars
may separate our bodies,
they can't separate
our souls."
Barf.
But that does
sound like someone
who would do anything
for him.
What's her address?
Lucy: Did Becca ever mention
someone she was scared of?
No.
But we haven't talked
in a while.
Almost three months.
With school
and moving in here,
I just lost track.
Okay, any idea
where she was crashing?
[ Sighs ]
She mostly lived
on the street.
There was a shelter
that sometimes had room.
And a couple of kids
who had families
who'd let you
sleep on the floor
every once in a while.
And if you were
desperate enough,
there was always swiping.
What's that?
You go on ClipTalk
and just swipe
until you find someone
to hook up with.
And if you're lucky,
you might get a warm shower
and a meal
when it's all over.
Tim: Okay, if she was still
doing that,
we need a list of the guys
she met up with.
I'll reach out
to the tech department,
see if they can
get into her account.
No. I bet
I can guess her password.
Harper: So, what's the deal
with your mom?
[ Sighs ] That is a long
and boring story.
Which stakeouts
are made for.
Oh, is that
what we're doing here?
Who are we staking out?
We're just keeping an eye
on a friend.
Is it
one of those guys?
Stop trying
to change the subject.
You and your mom.
Look, it's complicated.
You're gonna have to threaten me
with a blue page
if you want me
to say any more.
Alright.
Fair enough.
Oh,
now it makes sense.
Why didn't you just say
we was here to watch
your boyfriend's back?
Look, James is looking out
for a neighborhood kid.
He's pushing back
against a local dealer,
so we are here in case
anything goes sideways.
Look, I heard you're still
trying to collect Tyler's debt
from some
of his family members.
The kid owes me.
Curtis,
he ‐‐ he's in jail
'cause he tried
to get your money.
It's not my fault he can't
stick up a liquor store.
[ Sighs ]
[ Clatter ]
Uh, Harper.
You have got
to be kidding me.
I assume
we should stop him, yeah?
[ Sighs ]
7‐Adam‐19,
Code 6 on a 459.
Suspect is a Hispanic male,
blue jeans, grey jacket.
♪♪
Hey!
Stop right there!
Stop! Hey!
♪ I'm laying in this single bed,
but I can't sleep ♪
♪ There must be more to life
than Tinder swipes ♪
♪ And posting...on Instagram
for meaningless likes ♪
♪ Where I'm from, there's teen
mums sipping booze ♪
♪ Whilst the baby takes twos
on her B&H blues ♪
♪ The boys are in gangs,
the girls push prams ♪
♪ And spend all their money
on some...fake tans ♪
♪ I know I've got to get ‐‐ ♪
[ Gasps ]
Hey.
You okay?
You alright?
[ Winces ]
[ Baby cries ]
Oh, that's deep.
You're gonna need stitches.
[ Sighs ]
Yeah, and couple's therapy.
I don't follow.
[ Sighs ]
I promised James
I'd mind my own business.
Yeah,
you're definitely busted.
7‐Adam‐19.
I need additional units
to follow our 459 suspect,
last seen
at Grant and Lennox.
I also need an RA
for an injured officer.
Alright, Lopez sent a PDF
of Becca's ClipTalk account.
It looks like
she was routinely hooking up
with four different guys.
No DMs indicating
that they made plans
to meet up in the past week.
Yeah, well, Lopez should
look into all of them.
ClipTalk might not be
the only way they communicate.
You okay?
Yeah, Tamara knew about
the whole swiping thing,
like, right away.
Did you
get the impression
that maybe
she used to do it herself?
She ever
mention it to you?
As close as we are,
there's a lot
she won't talk about.
Don't take it personally.
She might just have a hard time
opening up to you.
But I'm sure Tamara will share
when she's ready to.
[ Doorbell rings ]
Who are you?
I'm Jason's wife.
Right.
The bitch who won't
give him a divorce
'cause she's obsessed,
and you're
the crooked cop boyfriend.
Excuse me?
Okay.
Ma'am,
none of that is true.
May we come in
and talk?
Hell no.
Ms. Reed, Jason is a dangerous
and manipulative man
who may be involved
in illegal activities.
[ Scoffs ] Lies.
Okay, how about this?
Is Jason living here?
Because if he is,
he has not reported this address
to his PO,
which means I can report
the violation of his parole
in one phone call.
If you've aided in
any of the crimes
he's committed
in any way,
you can be charged
as an accessory.
Or...how about
we just talk?
[ Door opens ]
Jason said
that you might try
to get me
to turn on him.
It isn't gonna work,
so come in and say
whatever you have to say,
and then go.
He told you about
his mother, right?
How close they were?
How broken he was
when she died?
May I sit?
Uh‐huh.
That was what first drew me
to him.
That depth of feeling.
When we first met,
my father had just died,
and I was a wreck.
Jason was the only person
who understood.
He didn't try to fix me.
He just listened.
He held my hand,
made me his entire world.
So I made him mine.
I had no one else
but him.
And he started
chipping away at me.
I wasn't smart enough,
thin enough,
pretty enough.
But I was lucky
to have him...
because who else
could ever want me?
♪♪
[ Inhales shakily ]
I wanted to die.
♪♪
I was even planning
how I would do it.
That was when
I finally woke up.
I'm sorry.
♪♪
Forgive me for asking.
Is Jason's car
in your name?
Yeah.
Because he's an ex‐con,
so he said it would be hard
for him to get a loan.
Has he ever asked you
to make large cash deposits?
Yes.
And where do you think
that money comes from?
I didn't ask.
Has he ever asked you
to buy a gun?
Am I in trouble?
Not if you help us.
So sorry
to keep you waiting.
Yeah, uh, I'm all stitched
and ready to go,
so why did I have to
hang around?
Your lab work
came back,
and I wanted
to talk to you about it.
What?
Am I ‐‐
Am I sick or something?
No.
You're six weeks pregnant.
[ Sighs ]
There you go.
It's all yours.
Thank you.
We really
appreciate this.
I'm just ‐‐
I'm glad I found out the truth
before it was
too late.
Oh,
there's one more thing.
Alright, you think
there's something in here
we can use
against him?
Well, Jason is good,
but he's far from perfect.
He's gonna mess up
at some point.
We just need to be there
when he does.
[ Door opens ]
Jason: Hey. I'm home
and I'm starving.
♪♪
What the hell
are you doing here?
Th‐‐
This is harassment, alright?
Uh, you ‐‐ you both need
to leave.
You okay, babe?
You don't have to listen to
them, you know? You have rights.
I know.
Get out.
What?
Oh, come on.
I to‐‐ I told you,
they're trying to frame me.
Now, you are too smart
to fall for whatever it is
that they're trying
to tell you.
Bailey
told me everything.
You used all the same lies on
her that you used on me.
Bailey is
a very sick woman,
a drug addict,
paranoid, delusional ‐‐
No, I need you
to leave now.
This is my house,
and I want you to leave.
And don't bother
coming back.
A restraining order will be
filed before you hit the street.
Well, I look forward
to having your badge
after I win my lawsuit
against the LAPD.
Hey, whoa, whoa,
whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa.
That stays here.
That's mine.
No, it's mine.
I paid for this.
I paid for all of that.
Fine.
♪♪
Oh!
Want me to light them up?
What?
That green car
just made an illegal turn.
Oh, uh...no.
Are you okay?
I mean,
you've been pretty quiet
since we left
the hospital.
[ Chuckles ]
Nah, it's just, uh...
uh, I'm pregnant.
[ Chuckles ]
Oh!
Congratulations?
Yeah, I mean,
uh, they just
told me
at the hospital.
And it was unexpected,
huh?
[ Sighs, scoffs ]
Uh, after Lila, I had
some serious complications,
and I was told
that I couldn't get pregnant.
Clearly, I should have
followed up with a specialist.
Are you worried about how James
is gonna take the news?
James is amazing.
But we've only been together
a few months, and I ‐‐
we never thought that...
Yeah.
That sounds like a lot
to process.
Yeah.
So, what are you
gonna do?
Avoid dealing with it
until absolutely necessary.
[ Chuckles ] Yeah.
I use that method a lot.
Martin: What the hell
am I doing here?
Martin, are you familiar with
a girl named Becca Price?
Uh, yeah.
We're friends.
Friends?
With an 18‐year‐old?
How about she found you
looking for sex on ClipTalk
a few months ago,
and you've been hooking up
every now and then
in exchange for letting her
sleep in your bed.
Look,
what is she saying?
'Cause I don't know
if you know,
but that girl is homeless,
unstable.
She's probably on drugs
or something.
She's dead.
What?
I didn't ‐‐
That wasn't me.
Where were you
last night?
At home.
Look,
Becca did come over,
but only
for a few minutes.
I swear.
What time?
Eight‐ish.
It was definitely
before 9:00.
That's when
my girlfriend got home.
Your girlfriend?
Yeah, she travels.
I get lonely.
What did Becca want?
A place to sleep,
a shower.
I told her
my girlfriend was on her way.
Look, Becca threatened
to tell on me
if I didn't
give her money.
All I had was a 20.
After she left,
I realized she stole
my Cerus watch.
Cost me 10 grand.
And you couldn't
file a police report
because you would have to
explain what happened
to your girlfriend.
Okay.
Sit tight.
Please,
I didn't hurt that girl.
You have to believe me.
There was no watch
on Becca's body.
Whoever killed her
probably took it.
Or maybe she sold it.
Tamara might know where.
Good news. They got inside
Jason's laptop
and found a very intricate
money‐laundering operation.
That's great.
Who's he working for?
They can't tell yet.
Jason works
a pretty skilled shell game.
But Financial Crimes
are monitoring the accounts,
and if he tries to move
any money, they'll track it.
He won't.
He knows we have his laptop.
He'll assume
you're watching.
Well, he'll have to move
the money eventually.
Whoever he's working for
is gonna expect results.
So, what's his next move?
I don't know.
Yet.
Aaron: Uh‐oh.
Looks like your avoidance plan
just hit a speed bump.
Okay,
our first official fight.
So, I'll lay out
the way I handle conflict,
which is
to go right at it.
I asked you
to let me handle
the Curtis situation
by myself,
but you ‐‐
you didn't listen.
I ‐‐
Yeah, you were only there
in case something happened.
I get it. Sure.
But that's not the point.
I expressed my desire,
and you ignored it,
and that pisses me off.
I mean, if you don't trust me
when I tell you
that I got
something handled,
then that's something
that we gotta work out,
because if we can't
trust each other ‐‐
I'm pregnant.
[ Inhales sharply ]
I‐I‐I can't tell
if you're joking.
I'm not.
I just found out.
Harper.
Uh, we need to go.
My mom just sent
a 911 text,
and she's not answering
her phone.
Alright.
What's up?
[ Sighs ]
I'll call you
after my shift.
Becca talked about you
all the time.
Really?
She was always wondering
what you were up to.
She was so proud.
It was kind of annoying,
actually.
I was like, "Damn, why you
so obsessed with Tamara?
Stop."
[ Both chuckle ]
But for real.
We're all proud.
I should've
stayed in better touch.
I‐I'm sorry.
[ Indistinct shouting ]
[ Radio chatter ]
Look out.
No. It's okay.
They're cool.
Hey.
How are you
holding up?
It's just a lot.
Being back here.
Did you
find out anything?
Yes. Uh, Lopez interviewed
all of the men
that Becca
was swiping with.
They all have
solid alibis.
We did find out
that Becca stole a watch
from one of them
right before she died,
so if we can trace her
back there,
we might be able to find out
what happened to her.
Do you have any idea
what Becca would have done
with a stolen watch?
Tamara, hey.
Uh, it's okay.
There's no
judgment here.
Um...
there's a pawn shop
we used to go to.
Harvey's.
It's just two blocks.
Okay. Yeah.
We'll check it out.
Are you okay here?
Yeah. Yeah.
I'm good.
Okay.
Alright.
[ Sighs ]
♪ Catch a splash,
if it's 'bout me getting money ♪
Do you still hear the lambs,
Clarice?
Oh, Oscar,
you're no Hannibal Lecter.
You're more
"Ernest Goes to Jail."
Well, you still need my help,
so hit me.
Jason was laundering money.
We shut it down.
The arrest warrant's ready to
go. We just need to find him.
Well, okay.
Well, let me think about that.
I'm Jason. Right?
My back
is against the wall.
The people that I launder money
for are pissed, right?
Probably want me dead.
And the police
are moving in.
So...what do I do?
Honestly?
It's really simple.
I just turn myself in.
Flip on my employers
and cut a sweet deal.
John?
♪♪
Well, you tell Ye
that I want in,
so he should call me back.
[ Telephone beeps ]
Aaron: Hey.
I tried calling you.
What's wrong?
Oh, nothing.
I just have somebody
I would love for you to meet.
Aaron.
I'm Morris Mackey.
I'm the reality TV producer
here.
It's nice
to finally meet you.
You are?
Annoyed.
Right.
Uh, I'll make this quick.
I want
to change your image.
You've been the villain before,
you've been the victim,
but you've never been
the hero.
Let me make you
the hero of your own story.
That's it.
Think about it, baby.
[ Sighs ]
So, all parties here
are in agreement on the
terms of the deal ‐‐
you, Jason Wyler,
admit to residing in an address
not registered
with your parole officer.
You admit to the crime
of laundering money
for the Southern Front
criminal organization.
And you admit
to the crime of planting cocaine
in a vehicle owned
by Bailey Nune.
He does.
And I regret
all of it.
Oh, come on.
In exchange
for your cooperation
with an investigation
into Southern Front,
we are prepared
to offer you
a reduced sentence
of 18 months.
18 months?
He nearly ruined my life,
and that's all he gets?
I know.
It sucks.
But putting a dent
in an organization
as evil as the Southern Front
is just far too...
compelling for
the DA's office.
This isn't gonna stop.
The second he gets out,
he'll find me again.
And we'll be ready
for him.
Sgt. Grey: I'm gonna be
very clear, Mr. Wyler,
so there's no confusion.
If you try to pull anything
during the operation,
this deal
and any sentiment of leniency
we may be feeling toward you
is off the table.
♪♪
Do you understand?
I understand, sir.
And I promise you,
you won't see
any tricks from me.
♪♪
Wesley:
Nyla's pregnant?
Yeah.
Congratulations.
[ Chuckles ]
You guys
didn't waste any time.
Oh.
It wasn't planned.
Not at all.
Mm.
But ‐‐ But i‐it's great.
Uh‐huh.
You don't sound
very convincing.
It's just ‐‐ she told me
in the middle of a fight.
Oh.
Yeah, an argument bomb.
Angela's dropped
a few of those on me.
So,
how did you respond?
I didn't.
[ Scoffs ]
She told you she was pregnant,
and you didn't say anything?
At all?
♪♪
Okay, so,
w‐w‐what should I do?
It's big gesture time.
You're gonna have to max your
credit card out on this one.
[ Chuckles ] Man.
Man:
If you're just joining us...
Oh, hello, Officers.
Shopping around?
Let me guess.
A Rams fan, am I right?
Hey, I've got a signed copy
of Cooper Kupp's ‐‐
We're looking for
a stolen Ceres watch,
worth about 10 grand.
So, you come into my shop,
accusing me?
Lucy:
Of purchasing stolen property
from homeless teenagers?
We are accusing you
of exactly that.
Oh.
So I'm the bad guy?
These kids got nobody
looking out for them.
So what if something
falls into their hands
that whoever owned it
won't miss?
They're just
trying to survive.
I'm a lifeline
to these kids.
Were you a lifeline
to her?
Oh, man.
Is she dead?
Yes. And the watch
could be the reason why.
♪♪
It was
brought in yesterday.
♪♪
The serial number matches.
Becca was here.
No.
I bought this
off Declan.
♪♪
Isn't that
Tamara's friend?
Are you okay?
No.
I miss her, too,
and I'm so sorry
I haven't been around.
She showed me
the watch.
Said that she was gonna pawn it
in the morning
and use the cash
to go back to school.
Be like you, she said.
Believe that?
♪♪
She was gonna
leave me, too.
So, she went to sleep,
and I tried
to sneak the watch out,
but she woke up
and she totally freaked on me,
so I‐I pushed her
and ‐‐ and she hit her head,
and there was
so much blood.
It ‐‐ It was an accident.
I swear that I didn't ‐‐
Declan, show us your hands
right now.
Turn around.
Interlace your fingers
behind your head.
♪♪
[ Siren wailing ]
7‐Adam‐100.
Show us Code 4.
Suspect in custody.
Hey, are you okay?
No.
♪♪
Sgt. Grey: So, we have to check
your mic levels.
Can you
speak normally for me?
This must be
killing you.
Levels are fine.
You talk to Officer Nolan again,
I'll pull your deal.
Understood?
Yes, sir.
Now, shall we go over the plan
one last time, Mr. Wyler?
I get them
to turn over the money,
confirm turnaround
to the usual accounts,
and you guys swoop in.
In addition
to hearing every word,
we've set up
a surveillance camera
at the exchange point.
Anything goes wrong,
we'll be in there quick,
fast, and in a hurry.
I have no doubt,
Sergeant.
Thank you for this.
[ Sighs ]
You know you don't have to
be here for this.
Yes, sir.
Thank you.
But I do.
[ Radio clicks ]
Friendly moving
into position.
Harper:
7‐Adam‐19, copy.
[ Radio clatters ]
Okay, you need to get
your head in the game.
Look at me. I just found out
I am pregnant,
and yet, I am focused
and ready to go.
Yes, ma'am.
I'm sorry.
You gonna do the show?
I don't know.
I‐I just feel like it
would cheapen everything
I went through.
Then why are you
still struggling?
Because I feel like
I'm letting my mom down.
And?
Because if the show's
done right,
then I can finally control
the way people see me.
Hmm.
[ Cellphone buzzes ]
Not a good time,
Oscar.
Oh, well, then I'll be fast.
Two words ‐‐ you're welcome.
What am I supposed to be
thanking you for?
Well, after doing a little
digging on your boy Jason,
I found out
he has a side hustle
working with
the Southern Front.
The same group
of fine young folks
that want
your pal Oscar dead.
Officer Nolan,
the target has arrived.
Sir,
we may have a problem.
Oscar, cut to the chase.
What did you do?
Oh, fine.
Ruin my story.
Okay, upshot is,
I think I found a solution
to both of our problems.
A few minutes ago,
I had a little talk
with a Southern Front contact.
I told them your boy Jason
was working with the cops
to rat them out.
And in exchange,
they lifted the hit on me,
put one out on him.
Two birds,
one shiv, huh?
All units,
the friendly's been made.
Move in.
♪♪
♪ Another year, another year ♪
How much
we looking at?
About two mil.
Same accounts
as last time?
[ Cellphone buzzing ]
♪ From the start,
another drag, another drag ♪
What?
[ Scoffs ]
♪ Another glass, another glass ♪
Is there a problem?
Yeah.
Apparently, it's you.
Okay.
Police!
[ Siren wailing ]
[ Gunshots ]
♪ Another year ♪
Drop your weapons!
Now!
♪ Another party ♪
Cover me.
♪ Another clown,
another clown ♪
♪ Always taking it too far ♪
♪ Another life, another life ♪
♪ When will it start ♪
♪ Another wish, another wish ♪
♪ I never wanted anything ♪
Put it down!
On the ground!
Right now! Get down!
Get down, right now!
On the ground!
Down!
♪ Another year ♪
♪ Don't wanna be
your birthday boy ♪
the birthday boy ♪
♪ I wanna wear
my birthday suit ♪
♪ Forget the card,
just give me the money ♪
♪ Don't wanna be
your birthday boy ♪
the birthday boy ♪
♪ I wanna wear
my birthday suit ♪
♪ Don't be so thoughtful,
just show me the money ♪
[ Siren wailing ]
♪♪
[ Breathing heavily ]
[ Chuckles ]
Let's go.
You really
don't wanna do this.
Screw that.
If I'm going back,
I want to add "kicking your ass"
to the list of charges.
[ Grunting ]
You were saying?
[ Breathing heavily ]
[ Exhales sharply ]
Hey.
I was hoping I'd catch you.
You know what?
It's been a really long day,
and I'm not sure how much more
bad news I can handle right now.
What if it's good news?
Is this a joke?
I convinced my boss
to a cut good deal for Tyler.
Really?
He won't be charged
as an adult.
He'll serve six months
in juvie,
then probation
till he turns 18.
That's a good deal.
I know
you think I'm a rookie
who doesn't have the experience
to do the job,
but you should maybe
give me a break.
I actually think we're working
toward the same goal.
Just coming at it
from different angles.
Well, um, I appreciate
you making this happen.
I appreciate
you convincing me.
[ Chuckles ]
Good night.
♪♪
So, I've been, uh ‐‐
I've been thinking about
your offer to do the show
with me.
Really?
Yeah.
Look,
if you can promise me
that I'll have full control
over the pieces of my life
that we expose,
then...yeah.
I'll do it.
Cut.
What's the problem?
It sounds fake.
What does?
You. Listen, if you want people
to watch this show,
you gotta sound real.
You gotta be real.
Yeah,
listen to her, Aaron.
Your mama's
the queen of "real."
Can I get
a touch‐up?!
Let's get a touch‐up.
♪ Feel the light ♪
[ Sighs ]
Lucy: You sure
I can't make you something?
I'm not really hungry.
♪♪
Today sucked.
Yeah.
Big time.
♪ I'm with you by your side ♪
♪ By your side ♪
Thank you.
For...?
Everything.
For all your help.
For this bed.
For getting justice
for Becca.
You did that.
♪ I know it gets heavy ♪
And thanks for helping me
leave it all behind,
because if
it weren't for you,
I probably would have ended up
like Becca eventually.
Well, you don't have to
worry about that anymore.
You're safe.
♪♪
Do you wanna talk about
what you went through
when you were living
on the street?
Um, not now,
if that's okay.
Yeah, we don't have to
talk about it now.
You don't have to
talk about it with me.
You know,
but at some point,
you might wanna
talk to someone...
before it sneaks up
on you.
♪ Feel the light ♪
I will.
I promise.
Okay.
Good night.
Do you want this open
or closed?
Closed, please.
♪ I'm with you by your side ♪
Sweet dreams.
♪ By your side ♪
♪ I'm by your side ♪
You wanted to talk?
Um, actually,
I‐I was hoping for
more of a do‐over.
Um...I don't like
how I handled it
when you told me
you were pregnant.
Yeah, you didn't handle it.
You didn't do anything.
You just stood there.
I know.
Um, I can only plead
temporary stupidity
and throw myself
at your mercy.
♪♪
Forgive me.
Get up.
So, am I forgiven?
Yes.
Yes, get up.
Look, look,
um, I'm here, okay?
I‐I'm ready to listen.
I'm ‐‐ I'm ready to talk.
I'm ready to do
whatever it is you need.
I need you
to understand something.
I made my peace
with not being able
to get pregnant again,
and so I never even
allowed myself to fantasize...
♪ By your side ♪
♪ I'm by your side ♪
I'm gonna have
this baby.
[ Exhales sharply ]
♪ I'm by your side ♪
Well, then, um...
you and I are going to make
a kick‐ass team
because we're gonna fight
every day
to make sure
that this baby
gets to live
in a much better world
than the one
that exists right now.
That's a good answer.
[ Siren wails in distance,
horn honks ]
[ Sniffles ]
♪ So open up your eyes ♪
There we go.
The sommelier
recommended this red.
Sounds fancy.
Yeah. Full disclosure, it was
the guy at the liquor store.
But he just said
everyone's buying this bottle.
[ Chuckles ] Thanks.
A toast.
To finally
being able to exhale.
Mm.
Can we?
Yes.
Jason is behind bars
for eight years,
you have a divorce hearing
set for next month,
and when your future
ex‐husband finally gets out,
we'll get
a restraining order.
Mm.
I really appreciate you
helping me through this mess.
Anytime.
Though, I confess,
I do find myself wondering
if there isn't yet another
crazed lunatic of a husband
from your checkered past
lurking around out there.
There isn't.
[ Chuckles ]
What a relief.
Evil twin?
Triplets.
Is that a problem?
Triplets
I can work with.
[ Glasses clink ]
♪♪